Alexa pause I have been resisting voice
and assistance like the Amazon echo for
a long time but I finally caved Black
Friday happen they are having all the
cells basically selling Amazon echoes
like they are candy so I thought - I
actually bought three but we're gonna
talk about - we're talking about home
text so exciting I'm curious do you have
a Google home do you have an Amazon echo
are you holding out for the Apple home
pod that's what I was gonna do but then
I was like you know what these are
relatively cheap and I use Spotify a lot
I am going to show you how I use my home
tech and maybe a tip or trick number one
music Alexa play music here's a station
you might like I don't pop from Amazon
you know Alexa stop I'm pretty sure no
one uses Amazon music it's all about the
Spotify life so you have to say Alexa
play Kesha from Spotify playing songs by
passion from Spotify her new album is so
good so the first pro tip / hack for
your faces today is how do you play
music everywhere via the Amazon echoes -
here in New York so I have an echo +
here in the living room and a normal
echo - in my bedroom if I say Alexa play
Ke$ha on Spotify everywhere sorry I
can't play Spotify on groups playing
here instead playing songs by
so apparently this feature called groups
on your Amazon echo is not available or
compatible with Spotify so you can't
play Spotify and sync them up with other
echos in your home which is stupid but I
found a workaround so you're welcome so
what you have to do first is go into
your Amazon Alexa echo whatever it's
called Amazon Alexa app so you go into
the app and go to smart home then press
groups here is where you say add a group
and you can add your different echos
into one group you say Amazon multi
music room you say a name like
everywhere then you go in and select
what echos you want just like I have
here on my phone so if you use Amazon
music a lot congratulations super easy
you can just say everywhere and it's
going to play everywhere but no fear if
you are a Spotify user like myself
you're just gonna go to the song you're
going to play what you want to play okay
so it's play and then you click on
devices available and Spotify is so
smart that it's going to pop up your
groups from the Amazon Alexa app so
basically all you have to press
everywhere and that's gonna connect it
huh we seem to be playing on this one
and this guy success so you know you can
control it on your phone or
alternatively you can just say Alexa
play the song and then once it starts
playing for a Spotify you can just go on
your app and change it from there boom
done you're welcome or Amazon can just
release an update where it's compatible
[Music]
next pro tip is go into the app if you
have multiple devices and change the
wake word to different names so my plus
is like I say it too loud it's gonna
trigger it and then my echo in my
bedroom the word is so just means you
don't feel like you have to yell across
rooms or think you're going to like
trigger the wrong one so if I'm in here
I just say Alexa order me a lift
Alexa why aren't you answering me and as
I'm in here I can just say echo turn on
all lights don't there we go and that
leads me to the next way I use the
Amazon echo is white
I literally just turned on boom boom
boom boom four lights these lights that
you see here are philips hue light
because this echo plus has the Philips
hue hue hub built-in so it's super easy
literally all you do is you screw in the
light bulb you go into the app here you
say devices you say add device and then
you just hook out to all of your lights
I have added a group called all lights
where it is all of the light devices
into one thing and I can turn them on
and off so nighttime or when I walk in
from Cummings the office all I have to
say is Alexa turn off all lights
okay okay there we go me it's--it's look
sometimes hopefully you're getting some
inspiration on how you can smart a PHY
your home all of the links will be in
the description below not sponsored by
any of these companies just always
excited about trying out new tech and
stuff and integrating it into my life
this guy right here is my nest video
camera it is a security camera that's
rolling 24/7 and this guy right here
well this is Frank so this is basically
the angle that the nest video camera has
it's a very wide angle so you can
actually see this entire room but why do
I set it next to books and Frank what's
cause of the bad guy enters I'm here to
rob this place any video I don't see
anything I just see that super cute
stuffed animal it's probably not a video
camera next to it it won't come over and
like unplug it you know I mean at least
that's my thinking the way I am using
the nest as I have one here and two at
my office in lower Manhattan so I'm
going to show you what nest looks like
online I also have the applet I thought
so I can check it out on my phone
anywhere I am but the coolest thing is
once it is on your app it basically
knows via your phone if you are in the
apartment or you are away so I only have
push notifications set to when I'm away
if the camera detects a person or noises
I've tested this out it's pretty good
about it it's gonna send a push
notification but I don't want that to
happen when I'm in my apartment because
duh I know I am here it's still
recording but it's just gonna chill on
the push notifications now let me show
you what it looks like on the web here
so you can set it to different areas the
living room maybe you have multiple
rooms then you can click in on it and oh
my gosh look at the view here we go see
I'm gonna smile
for you guys geez you can do a lot of
cool things in here and you can set
zones I set a zone in the front door
where I can have a notification go off
if there's any movement by the front
door over here you can go back in the
log this is so strange this is my
favorite part
are you ready you can click this
microphone down here and you can speak
so if there's an invader you can be like
yo stop I mean that's pretty cool the
last thing in my smart apartment is the
Apple TV so recently I got the Apple TV
4k but didn't want to talk about it
until I had a 4k HDR TV the only thing
that I've watched so far in 4k HDR is
Wonder Woman so you can tell when you're
on the iTunes Store
there is a Dolby vision 4k logo usually
and that means that it's going to be HDR
and crispy something that Apple TV is
known for is their a screensaver so they
have updated those in full force and
they're just beautiful they're really
pretty really 4k goodness I do have a
Apple TV in the living room and bedroom
so there is consistency they have the
same home screens it just makes for a
seamless experience with all Smart TVs
and these Samsung's that I own you can
access Netflix and Hulu within your TV
but Apple TV kind of just brings
everything together especially if you
have subscriptions with HBO CBS ABC you
have live sports packages and stuff you
can have everything in one place the
platforms that I use most are Netflix
and YouTube but they just added Amazon
video Prime I am a prime user but I very
rarely watched stuff on there but now
that is on my Apple TV I actually find
myself clicking on it all these things
are great but the main thing that I love
about Apple TVs is the ability for
anyone with an iPhone to throw up
anything on to the TV whether it's
YouTube video or a song
what's up guys it is the next day I'm
out here hustling getting some videos
done I have thoroughly been enjoying
making these for you I feel like I'm
gonna flow I'm just doing stuff that I
like and love to make if you're curious
about anything that I talked about today
or maybe you need some tech Christmas
gifts some last-minute Christmas gifts
that you can buy on the Amazon or
something like that
links will be in the description below
make sure to check it out and just quick
shout out look guys I got my shelves up
we are making moves over here and see
right here is where I envision something
special I don't know if I want to reveal
this yet but there might be something
beyond going up there soon of course
there will be a video about it but
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching let me know if you like this
video hit that subscribe button down
below for new videos every single week
until next time guys stay peachy okay
[Music]